LQFP64 - pinout? so how it's connected to the board?

Address space is 4 GiB.
Bytes are little-endian.
* lowest byte = least significant.
* highest byte = most significant.
8 blocks of 512 MiB each.

### Flash
128 KB.
not sure what kind - NAND? Does it even matter?

### SRAM
SRAM can be 32KiB or 36KiB, depending on whether the parity check is enabled. It
loses 4 KiB because every byte gets one parity bit.
- parity checked on read, if it fails, a NMI interrupt is produced.
- if using the parity check, need to initialize the SRAM to 0 - otherwise, can
	get false-positive parity errors from non-initialized locations

### GPIO
the STM32G070xx also sets the _starting_ mode of the GPIO registers to
analog, after reset.
- this can be found on page 175, section 6.3.1 of the reference manual.

GPIOs are associated with PA, PB, PC, some bytes of PD and PF
PA-PC all have 16 associated ports. (Px0-Px15).

### LED
LD4 is associated with GPIOA, PA5

### USER BUTTON
user button is associated with GPIOC, PC13

### TIMERs
Several timers are included
- TIM14 is a general purpose timer that can be used for a lot of things, with
	its own NVIC interrupt entry

There are a few configuration options, but the two most visible ones are the
prescaler (TIMx->PSC) and autoreload (TIMx->ARR).
* prescaler lets you configure how frequently the counter in the timer ticks up.
* autoreload register lets you configure at what counter value the timer resets
and sends an update event.

you need to do more than just enable the timer, though, you need to set up
interrupts.
this can be done with (TIMx->DIER).
when an interrupt is triggered, (TIMx->SR) will be set - you need to clear
this in software or else it'll trigger again.
